Welcome to this course, 2 in 1, Cisco ccna
200-301 and Python Network Automation.
In this course, we are going to learn the
complete topic of CCNA 200-301,
so you will ready to get certified. And not just that,
we will also learn about Network Programming
automation using python.
If you are a beginner, don't worry, you still
able to join this course,
because we will start from the very basic.
We will learn about what is computer network,
and how computer network can help us.
After that we will learn about IP Address,
Subnetting, and Networking model.
If you understand about the basic of computer
network, next we will start learning about Cisco.
We will learn about the basic of cisco command
first, after you familiar with cisco command,
we will learn about switching in cisco, like
VLAN and Trunking, Port security, etherchannel,
and others.
We will also learn about routing topic in
the cisco, like Inter VLAN Routing, DHCP Server,
static routing, dynamic routing using EIGRP,
OSPF, and BGP, Access List, network address
translation and others.
Remember that this is 2 in 1 course, so we
not only learn about cisco ccna.
But we will also learn about network automation.
First, we will preparing the lab to learn
about network automation on gns3.
After that we will learn about network automation
using paramiko and netmiko with many example case.
We will also learn how to build a web base
network automation application like this using
python django.
You can see the detail topic that we are going
to learn in this course, in the Course content section.
Litle bit about me, my name is Ahmad Rosid
Komarudin,
I have more than 5 years experience in cisco
and network automation.
And I also CCIE certified.
Okay let's just start learning, just click
on the enroll button and I will see you on the course.